don't even honey you paid someone to
take a GED graduation I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna go to college
Titus why are you back
sometimes crews adjust in early it's a
very common thing I think I know more
about cruises than you do it's okay if
you got fired it doesn't mean you're not
talented
Kimberly if there's one thing I learned
in that cruise is that what I've been
shouting at bus drivers for all these
years it's true I am a star which papers
are in the mail sign him and get him
back to me why do we even have to go
through this there's no way that
marriage was legal with Sesame Street
those jobs last forever I get to sing
with celebrities shelf cookies in my
mouth without chewing you won't sign
because you're still in love with me
vitu right before you get the thing you
want you got to do something really hard
so you give mr. frump us what he wants
and you get what you want one of the
best TV jobs in New York
no but you already have a husband and
he's got some stuff that stuff's worth
money that I could use for college but
how do I get it from him you tear up
these papers and contest the divorce
[Music]
you should take one of these career
aptitude so Mikey going into his
apartment with another man really well
that doesn't necessarily mean cheating
on me chem Kibo so who can't vote
tomorrow
[Music]
only one person Rossing guard
that's even better not me
I was surprising you you made it spine
my peers shady you know what I can't
what you right now
you better call bucket with the good
hair for me Duma aren't you again of
course but if you vote for her she's
gonna stop me from bringing clean water
to this neighborhood really mm-hmm
that's why you need to vote for any
candidate but Lilia um hi my name is
Perry and if you have any questions yes
I didn't see anything in the pamphlet
about your crossing guard program I I
don't think we have a crossing guard
program but we have a lot of other great
vocational programs
I swear babe oh my poop all says
ping-pong-ball eyes Jeff is just a body
we met at the gym the gayest place I
meet someone I don't just want to be a
crossing guard I want to learn how to
really think just tell us who you voted
for as well I trust Lillian to do the
face I realized this is all my fault
Titus I never told me we were together
when I do that I tell everyone look
Kimmy I know you took a test or whatever
but you don't have to be a crossing
guard
you could be a unicorn if you want and
now I need to do the same for you no
it's too much pressure being your first
and your own
are you breaking up with it's just one
of the many small ways in which I am
stronger than Beyonce can't see each
other at all for now which one of you is
Kimberly that's me
around these parts they call me karate
Kim I'm Wendy Hebert I'm here with your
updated divorce settlement I can't even
imagine what sad and crazy lady would
marry the Reverend on purpose speak
about another woman that way especially
since I'm mystery [ __ ] works hands away
honey
candid right over my feet first you're
slowly crushing him
imagine the optics of having a Native
American in the family will be
bulletproof
what do you mean in the family let's get
you and Russ married before God takes
you I don't know you I don't understand
you but I'm not going to let that
monster hurt another person I'm not
signing these idea because I want to
open the newest and largest big naturals
right here in east dog mouth I'm gonna
play it all back in the cans and you
come in on backup I'll just do some
vocal exercises I learned and the gig
years ago you know Sam I don't plan you
wait seriously
you know it's like really hard to get in
right and you're the dumbest person I've
ever met
how would you like to sing lead why did
I haven't suddenly vocal since Luther
Vandross passed out at that concert and
I ran on stage pretending to be a doctor
this is her she's the badass that pulled
a sub seven on the ergh hey lady how
would you like to roll for Columbia on a
full scholarship starting a meeting I
mean I believe you know this woman
Gretchen yesterday we received some
intelligence about the church miss
chokers running out of a compound in
rural Pennsylvania but we have reason to
believe that shocker is dangerous what
do you want me to do maybe someone she
knows can help talk urn out
Gretchen you have to be up north Kimmy
that's the only thing you've ever said
that makes any sense so don't give up
get out there face the consequences like
a woman hi I'm Gretchen
nice beaver cut I am loving this I grew
up poor right here in the city it's not
a contest Lillian I'm saying we're the
same we fought for the same ideal you
didn't need her please give whatever you
can hurricane Tammy with an eye you
never want to go near the water on these
boats
Titus especially the hot tubs and pools
they're basically unflushed toilets oh
it's Warwick I think we should cancel
today's performances little Titus could
go on in my place he's ready he say nice
have you seen miss Warwick Oh
check the infirmary she got sick again
so yeah
you did this to me spring spring them
until the bottle was empty but it turned
out I wasn't only spraying them
I had inadvertently poisoned 220 people
so I grabbed my paychecks and my bag of
wigs oh okay that's good
and I had a four lifeboat okay what's
the single most important thing to
everyone in this room doing my best no
money and nothing motivates Americans
like outrage just look at the election
downstairs a group of very angry Native
Americans are burning Redskins jerseys
at two hundred and fifty dollars a pop
so it's just more money for me this is
Native Americans are such a tiny
minority so what if you offended a much
bigger group America is the Washington
gun takers Oh nobody takes my guns well
I'd buy a Jersey just to shoot at follow
holes
oh you're a genius I haven't been this
proud of you since that misprint in the
papers said that you were a National
Merit Finalist
[Music]
my love everybody leave if me and ideas
forever does that mean and betraying the
memory of my sweet funky late husband
Roland peacock this song is about me
dying first
it's called move on are you usually in
joint yes these people are the bad guys
our shared hatred of your family is what
brought us together in the first place
no but my family but we're going in
different directions
there's a continuous flow of blood so
there's no pulse
so you gotta have definition in your
chest forever like me with that cop
spooling LVAD it's not a permanent fix
the doctors say I could have a year
maybe two or it could be a month
I wanted to update you on your academic
probation hold up I'm on the base you've
been on the base for a month if you fail
the semester you will have to leave
Columbia how did you call no that's all
you
tasty right I just searched Cowabunga
lifestyle Spotify are you spying on my
key again I'm watching my key to find
the right time to jump back into his
life it's called double dutching and
everyone loves it but then I heard
someone playing my TaskRabbit song all
right he gets half but I get final
wardrobe approval no okay
I just dropped out of school
you failed out wow I thought you were
smart
you chose to drop out yes it might be a
huge mistake well and unfortunately
you're going to have to leave Kalon
dropping out in Colombia my choice I'm
terribly sorry but I said my thing first
ah this is the same guy it's actually
our three-month anniversary Wow three
sugar leaks good for you I want to be a
crossing guard well are you gonna have
to pass a test I want me a boy
I'm not great at tests supposedly I have
emotional intelligence
[Music]
we had to run a standard background
check you aren't currently married to a
registered sex offender in Indiana are
you well yes we can't have you around
schools or glee all of this is for you
Mikey why do you think I'm up here
seeking a stupid song as corny as my
witness you will be mine today I got
your page I use my connections to booked
you a gig I handled your many tantrums I
get screams when he's nervous and I love
it so Jacqueline white is going to be an
agent you want to give me a job did I
stutter - damn it but I just f'd out of
college don't you want to hire a robot
or something robot can't do what you did
today you notice me you remember my name
what do you say Zach I'm
[Music]